Iteraciones en Requisitos Previos en base a Overview (#1084)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/online-payments/checkout-pro/previous-requirements.en.md

## Previous requirements

Keep these aspects in mind before you start integrating:

### 1. Access to an account

In order to start the integration, it is necessary to **have a Mercado Pago or Mercado Libre account**.

> You can [Sign in](https://www.mercadolibre.com/jms/[FAKER][GLOBALIZE][SITE_ID]/lgz/login?platform_id=mp&go=https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/es/guides/overview) an existing Mercado Pago or Mercado Libre account or [Create a new account](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]) at Mercado Pago.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can [Sign in](https://www.mercadolibre.com/jms/[FAKER][GLOBALIZE][SITE_ID]/lgz/login?platform_id=mp&go=https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/online-payments/checkout-pro/previous-requirements) an existing Mercado Pago or Mercado Libre account or [Create a new account](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]) at Mercado Pago.
```
